DP02
Selected Social Characteristics in the United States: 2008

NOTE. Although the American Community Survey (ACS) produces population,
demographic and housing unit estimates, it is the Census Bureau's
Population Estimates Program that produces and disseminates the
official estimates of the population for the nation, states,
counties, cities and towns and estimates of housing units for
states and counties.

For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error,
nonsampling error, and definitions, see Survey Methodology.



Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2008 American Community Survey


Data are based on a sample and are subject to sampling variability. The degree of uncertainty
for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of
error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error.  The margin of error can be
interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the
estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and
upper confidence bounds) contains the true value.  In addition to sampling variability,
the ACS estimates are subject to nonsampling error (for a discussion of nonsampling variability, see
Accuracy of the Data).
The effect of nonsampling error is not represented in these tables.


Notes:



 Ancestry listed in this table refers to the total number
of people who responded with a particular ancestry; for example,
the estimate given for Russian represents the number of people who
listed Russian as either their first or second ancestry. This table
lists only the largest ancestry groups; see the Detailed Tables for
more categories. Race and Hispanic origin groups are not included
in this table because official data for those groups come from the
Race and Hispanic origin questions rather than the ancestry
question (see Demographic Table).




 People who reported Irish-Scotch ancestry are classified
under "Other groups", whereas in 2007 and earlier they were
classified as Scotch-Irish.



 The Census Bureau introduced a new set of disability
questions in the 2008 ACS questionnaire. Accordingly, comparisons
of disability data from 2008 or later with data from prior years
are not recommended. For more information on these questions and
their evaluation in the 2006 ACS Content Test, see the

Evaluation Report Covering Disability.



 Due to a reduction in the Failed Edit Follow-up (FEFU)
operation for 4-months in 2008, there was an increase in the amount
of missing data and an increase in item allocation rates.  For more
information see the see the ACS User Notes.



 Data for year of entry of the native population reflect
the year of entry into the U.S. by people who were born in Puerto
Rico, U.S. Island Areas or born outside the U.S. to a U.S. citizen
parent and who subsequently moved to the U.S.



While the 2008 American Community Survey (ACS) data
generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan statistical
areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and boundaries of the
principal cities shown in ACS tables may differ from the OMB
definitions due to differences in the effective dates of the
geographic entities. The 2008 Puerto Rico Community Survey (PRCS)
data generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan
statistical areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and
boundaries of the principal cities shown in PRCS tables may differ
from the OMB definitions due to differences in the effective dates
of the geographic entities.


Estimates of urban and rural population, housing units,
and characteristics reflect boundaries of urban areas defined based
on Census 2000 data.  Boundaries for urban areas have not been
updated since Census 2000.  As a result, data for urban and rural
areas from the ACS do not necessarily reflect the results of
ongoing urbanization.


Explanation of Symbols:
1. An '**' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
either no sample observations or too few sample observations were
available to compute a standard error and thus the margin of error.
A statistical test is not appropriate.

2. An '-' entry in the estimate column indicates that either no
sample observations or too few sample observations were available
to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated
because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest
interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

3. An '-' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the lowest interval of an open-ended distribution.

4. An '+' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

5. An '***' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the median falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an
open-ended distribution. A statistical test is not appropriate.

6. An '*****' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the estimate is controlled. A statistical test for sampling
variability is not appropriate.




7. An 'N' entry in the estimate and margin of error columns
indicates that data for this geographic area cannot be displayed
because the number of sample cases is too small.

8. An '(X)' means that the estimate is not applicable or not
available.



