DP02
Selected Social Characteristics in the United States: 2006

NOTE. Although the American Community Survey (ACS) produces
population, demographic and housing unit estimates, it is the
Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program that produces and
disseminates the official estimates of
the population for the nation, states, counties, cities and towns
and estimates of housing units for states and counties.




For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error,
nonsampling error, and definitions, see Survey Methodology.



Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2006 American Community Survey


Data are based on a sample and are subject to sampling
variability. The degree of uncertainty for an estimate arising from
sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of
error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error.  The
margin of error can be interpreted roughly as providing a 90
percent probability that the interval defined by the estimate minus
the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the
lower and upper confidence bounds) contains the true value.  In
addition to sampling variability, the ACS estimates are subject to
nonsampling error (for a discussion of nonsampling variability,
see Accuracy of the Data).
The effect of nonsampling error is not represented in these tables.


Notes:



 Ancestry listed in this table refers to the total number
of people who responded with a particular ancestry; for example,
the estimate given for Russian represents the number of people who
listed Russian as either their first or second ancestry. This table
lists only the largest ancestry groups; see the Detailed Tables for
more categories. Race and Hispanic origin groups are not included
in this table because official data for those groups come from the
Race and Hispanic origin questions rather than the ancestry
question (see Demographic Table).




 The Census Bureau introduced a new skip pattern for the
disability questions in the 2003 ACS questionnaire.  This change
mainly affected two individual items -- go-outside-home disability
and employment disability -- and the recode for disability status,
which includes the two items. Accordingly, comparisons of data from
2003 or later with data from prior years are not recommended for
the relevant questions. For more information, see the
ACS Subject Definitions
for Disability.



 Data for year of entry of the native population reflect
the year of entry into the U.S. by people who were born in Puerto
Rico, U.S. Island Areas or born outside the U.S. to a U.S. citizen
parent and who subsequently moved to the U.S.



 While the 2006 American Community Survey (ACS) data
generally reflect the December 2005 Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan statistical
areas, in certain instances the names, codes, and boundaries of the
principal cities shown in ACS tables may differ from the OMB
definitions due to differences in the effective dates of the
geographic entities.



Explanation of Symbols:
1. An '**' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
either no sample observations or too few sample observations were
available to compute a standard error and thus the margin of error.
A statistical test is not appropriate.

2. An '-' entry in the estimate column indicates that either no
sample observations or too few sample observations were available
to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated
because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest
interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

3. An '-' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the lowest interval of an open-ended distribution.

4. An '+' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

5. An '***' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the median falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an
open-ended distribution. A statistical test is not appropriate.

6. An '*****' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the estimate is controlled. A statistical test for sampling
variability is not appropriate.




7. An 'N' entry in the estimate and margin of error columns
indicates that data for this geographic area cannot be displayed
because the number of sample cases is too small.

8. An '(X)' means that the estimate is not applicable or not
available.



