DP04
Selected Housing Characteristics:  2008

NOTE. Although the American Community Survey (ACS) produces population,
demographic and housing unit estimates, it is the Census Bureau's
Population Estimates Program that produces and disseminates the
official estimates of the population for the nation, states,
counties, cities and towns and estimates of housing units for
states and counties.

For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error,
nonsampling error, and definitions, see Survey Methodology.



Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2008 American Community Survey


Data are based on a sample and are subject to sampling variability. The degree of uncertainty
for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of
error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error.  The margin of error can be
interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the
estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and
upper confidence bounds) contains the true value.  In addition to sampling variability,
the ACS estimates are subject to nonsampling error (for a discussion of nonsampling variability, see
Accuracy of the Data).
The effect of nonsampling error is not represented in these tables.


Notes:



 In prior years, the universe included all owner-occupied
units with a mortgage. It is now restricted to include only those
units where SMOCAPI is computed, that is, SMOC and household income
are valid values.




 In prior years, the universe included all owner-occupied
units without a mortgage. It is now restricted to include only
those units where SMOCAPI is computed, that is, SMOC and household
income are valid values.




 In prior years, the universe included all renter-occupied
units. It is now restricted to include only those units where GRAPI
is computed, that is, gross rent and household Income are valid
values.




 The median gross rent excludes no cash renters.




 Caution should be used when comparing data for Occupants
per Room between 2007 and 2008.  Changes made to the Rooms question
involving the wording as well as the response option resulted in an
inconsistency in the data.  It is most noticeable as an increase in
1 room category and as a decrease in the 2
rooms to 6 rooms categories.  For more detailed
information about these changes, see the Rooms section of the
Subject Definitions at:

http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/2008/usedata/Subject_Definitions.pdf#page=21.



 Caution should be used when comparing data for Telephone
Service Availability between 2007 and 2008.  Changes made to the
Telephone Service Availability question involving the structure of
the question as well as including an instruction to include cell
phones resulted in an inconsistency in the data.  It is most
noticeable as an increase in respondents answering yes
to the question.  For more detailed information about these
changes, see the Telephone Service Available section of the Subject
Definitions at:

http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/2008/usedata/Subject_Definitions.pdf#page=24.



 Caution should be used when comparing data for Rooms
between 2007 and 2008.  Changes made to the Rooms question
involving the wording as well as the response option resulted in an
inconsistency in the data.  It is most noticeable as an increase in
1 room category and as a decrease in the 2
rooms to 6 rooms categories.  For more detailed
information about these changes, see the Rooms section of the
Subject Definitions at:

http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/2008/usedata/Subject_Definitions.pdf#page=21.



 Caution should be used when comparing data for Bedrooms
between 2007 and 2008.  Changes made to the Bedrooms question
involving the wording as well as the response option resulted in an
inconsistency in the data.  It is most noticeable as an increase in
No bedroom category and as a decrease in the 1
bedroom to 3 bedrooms categories.  For more
detailed information about these changes, see the Bedrooms section
of the Subject Definitions at 
http://www.census.gov/acs/www/Downloads/2008/usedata/Subject_Definitions.pdf#page=9.


While the 2008 American Community Survey (ACS) data
generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan statistical
areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and boundaries of the
principal cities shown in ACS tables may differ from the OMB
definitions due to differences in the effective dates of the
geographic entities. The 2008 Puerto Rico Community Survey (PRCS)
data generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan
statistical areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and
boundaries of the principal cities shown in PRCS tables may differ
from the OMB definitions due to differences in the effective dates
of the geographic entities.


Estimates of urban and rural population, housing units,
and characteristics reflect boundaries of urban areas defined based
on Census 2000 data.  Boundaries for urban areas have not been
updated since Census 2000.  As a result, data for urban and rural
areas from the ACS do not necessarily reflect the results of
ongoing urbanization.


Explanation of Symbols:
1. An '**' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
either no sample observations or too few sample observations were
available to compute a standard error and thus the margin of error.
A statistical test is not appropriate.

2. An '-' entry in the estimate column indicates that either no
sample observations or too few sample observations were available
to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated
because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest
interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

3. An '-' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the lowest interval of an open-ended distribution.

4. An '+' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

5. An '***' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the median falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an
open-ended distribution. A statistical test is not appropriate.

6. An '*****' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the estimate is controlled. A statistical test for sampling
variability is not appropriate.



7. An 'N' entry in the estimate and margin of error columns
indicates that data for this geographic area cannot be displayed
because the number of sample cases is too small.

8. An '(X)' means that the estimate is not applicable or not
available. The data on plumbing and kitchen facilities for Puerto
Rico will not be shown because the results of a cognitive
evaluation of the Spanish language translation of the questions on
plumbing and kitchen facilities indicated that respondents in the
Puerto Rico Community Survey may not have clearly understood the
intent of these revised questions introduced in 2008.




