DP03
Selected Economic Characteristics:  2008

NOTE. Although the American Community Survey (ACS) produces population,
demographic and housing unit estimates, it is the Census Bureau's
Population Estimates Program that produces and disseminates the
official estimates of the population for the nation, states,
counties, cities and towns and estimates of housing units for
states and counties.

For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error,
nonsampling error, and definitions, see Survey Methodology.



Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2008 American Community Survey


Data are based on a sample and are subject to sampling variability. The degree of uncertainty
for an estimate arising from sampling variability is represented through the use of a margin of
error. The value shown here is the 90 percent margin of error.  The margin of error can be
interpreted roughly as providing a 90 percent probability that the interval defined by the
estimate minus the margin of error and the estimate plus the margin of error (the lower and
upper confidence bounds) contains the true value.  In addition to sampling variability,
the ACS estimates are subject to nonsampling error (for a discussion of nonsampling variability, see
Accuracy of the Data).
The effect of nonsampling error is not represented in these tables.


Notes:



 Employment and unemployment estimates may vary from the
official labor force data released by the Bureau of Labor
Statistics because of differences in survey design and data
collection. For guidance on differences in employment and
unemployment estimates from different sources go to go to
Labor Force Guidance.



Workers include members of the Armed Forces and civilians
who were at work last week.


 The Census Bureau introduced an improved sequence of labor force questions in the 2008 ACS questionnaire.
Accordingly, we recommend using caution when making labor force data comparisons from 2008 or later with
data from prior years.  For more information on these questions and their evaluation in the 2006 ACS Content
Test, see the "Evaluation Report Covering Employment Status" at

http://www.census.gov/acs/www/AdvMeth/content_test/P6a_Employment_Status.pdf,
and the "Evaluation Report Covering Weeks Worked" at

http://www.census.gov/acs/www/AdvMeth/content_test/P6b_Weeks_Worked_Final_Report.pdf.
Additional information can also be found at

http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/laborfor/laborforce.html.



 Industry codes are 4-digit codes and are based on the
North American Industry Classification System 2007. The Industry
categories adhere to the guidelines issued in Clarification
Memorandum No. 2, "NAICS Alternate Aggregation Structure for Use By
U.S. Statistical Agencies," issued by the Office of Management and
Budget.



 Occupation codes are 4-digit codes and are based on
Standard Occupational Classification 2000.



While the 2008 American Community Survey (ACS) data
generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan statistical
areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and boundaries of the
principal cities shown in ACS tables may differ from the OMB
definitions due to differences in the effective dates of the
geographic entities. The 2008 Puerto Rico Community Survey (PRCS)
data generally reflect the November 2007 Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) definitions of metropolitan and micropolitan
statistical areas; in certain instances the names, codes, and
boundaries of the principal cities shown in PRCS tables may differ
from the OMB definitions due to differences in the effective dates
of the geographic entities.


Estimates of urban and rural population, housing units,
and characteristics reflect boundaries of urban areas defined based
on Census 2000 data.  Boundaries for urban areas have not been
updated since Census 2000.  As a result, data for urban and rural
areas from the ACS do not necessarily reflect the results of
ongoing urbanization.


Explanation of Symbols:
1. An '**' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
either no sample observations or too few sample observations were
available to compute a standard error and thus the margin of error.
A statistical test is not appropriate.

2. An '-' entry in the estimate column indicates that either no
sample observations or too few sample observations were available
to compute an estimate, or a ratio of medians cannot be calculated
because one or both of the median estimates falls in the lowest
interval or upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

3. An '-' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the lowest interval of an open-ended distribution.

4. An '+' following a median estimate means the median falls in
the upper interval of an open-ended distribution.

5. An '***' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the median falls in the lowest interval or upper interval of an
open-ended distribution. A statistical test is not appropriate.

6. An '*****' entry in the margin of error column indicates that
the estimate is controlled. A statistical test for sampling
variability is not appropriate.



7. An 'N' entry in the estimate and margin of error columns
indicates that data for this geographic area cannot be displayed
because the number of sample cases is too small.

8. An '(X)' means that the estimate is not applicable or not
available. Selected earnings and income data are not available for
certain geographic areas due to problems with group quarters data
collection and imputation. See the
ACS User Notes for details.




